Support analyzing cache related spans to provide metrics and slow commands for cache services from client side. (#9622)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/changes/changes.md

* Enhance LAL to support converting LogData to DatabaseSlowStatement.
* [**Breaking Change**] Change the LAL script format(Add layer property).
* Adapt ElasticSearch 8.1+, migrate from removed APIs to recommended APIs.

> * Add virtual cache to support analyze cache related span

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support analyzing cache related spans to provide metrics and slow commands for cache services from client side.
```
